basic/code.asm: asm
basic/code.c: c
basic/code.css: css
basic/code.js: javascript
basic/code.py: python
basic/code.rs: rust
basic/code.smali: smali
basic/doc.docx: docx
basic/doc.epub: epub
basic/doc.html: html
basic/doc.ini: ini
basic/doc.json: json
basic/doc.odt: odt
basic/doc.pem: pem
basic/doc.pub: pem
basic/doc.rtf: rtf
basic/text.txt: txt
mitra/7-zip.7z: sevenzip
mitra/NT.zip: zip
mitra/NTFS.zip: zip
mitra/PPMd.zip: zip
mitra/aes.zip: zip
mitra/bmp.bmp: bmp
mitra/bz2.zip: zip
mitra/bzip2.bz2: bzip
mitra/cab.cab: cab
mitra/cgbi.png: png
mitra/deflate64.zip: zip
mitra/directory.zip: zip
mitra/drive.zip: zip
mitra/dual.zip: zip
mitra/elf.elf: elf
mitra/elf64.elf: elf
mitra/filecomment.zip: zip
mitra/flac.flac: flac
mitra/footer.tga: tga
mitra/gif87.gif: gif
mitra/gif89.gif: gif
mitra/gzip.gz: gzip
mitra/hello-gnu.tar: tar
mitra/hello-pax.tar: tar
mitra/hello-ustar.tar: tar
mitra/hello-world.xar: xar
mitra/id3v1.mp3: mp3
mitra/id3v2.mp3: mp3
mitra/implode.zip: zip
mitra/implodeV3.zip: zip
mitra/iso.iso: iso
mitra/java.class: javabytecode
mitra/jpeg.zip: zip
mitra/jpg.jpg: jpeg
mitra/lzma.zip: zip
mitra/mini.xar: xar
mitra/mini.zip: zip
mitra/mp4.mp4: mp4
mitra/pcap.pcap: pcap
mitra/pdf.pdf: pdf
mitra/pe32.exe: pebin
mitra/pe64.exe: pebin
mitra/php.php: php
mitra/png.png: png
mitra/rar4.rar: rar
mitra/rar5.rar: rar
mitra/reduced1.zip: zip
mitra/reduced2.zip: zip
mitra/reduced3.zip: zip
mitra/reduced4.zip: zip
mitra/rich.rtf: rtf
mitra/riff.wav: wav
mitra/rifx.wav: wav
mitra/shrunk.zip: zip
mitra/simple.zip: zip
mitra/store.zip: zip
mitra/svg.svg: svg
mitra/tar.tar: tar
mitra/tiff-be.tif: tiff
mitra/tiff-le.tif: tiff
mitra/tiny.flac: flac
mitra/unicode.zip: zip
mitra/unicode2.zip: zip
mitra/unix.zip: zip
mitra/unixdesc.zip: zip
mitra/volumecomment.zip: zip
mitra/vorbis.ogg: ogg
mitra/wavpack.zip: zip
mitra/webm.webm: webm
mitra/webp.webp: webp
mitra/webpl.webp: webp
mitra/xz.xz: xz
mitra/zip.zip: zip
mitra/zip64.zip: zip
mitra/zipcrypto.zip: zip
mitra/zopfli.zip: zip
